I'm reading an 1 - Computer!
2 - Yes, Pilot?
1 - What's the status on the supplies?
2 - "Cancelled", pilot.
1 - WHAT?
2 - "Cancelled", Pilot.
1 - You're kidding.
2 - Reason for cancellation is listed as-
1 - Never should have signed up with these people. They catch one whiff of an orbital mine field and ditch their best pilot.
2 - Correction: the current allied pilot with the most confirmed kills is-
1 - Why the hell did they say they change their minds, anyway?
2 - Reason for cancellation is listed as "Destruction of package due to orbital mine field no one warned us about".
2 - ...Proposal; Switch to automatic intelligence collection. You may be less likely to forget details that way.
1 - No.
1 - ...Alright, so no fuel refill. How far can we get with what we've got?
2 - Insufficient reserves to reach escape velocity.
1 - How far, computer?
2 - ...1,306 m above planetary surface.
1 - And the minefield is where?
2 - 1, 295m above planetary surface.
2 - ...Pilot, I'm reading an unidentified device in the cabin. What the hell is that?
1 - Just something I made in my spare time. A little thing to detonate mines from a distance. Might be useful
if we were to, er, ride a wave? If I can get a bomb or two under me, that is.
2 - Analogy failure. Those objects are high-yield explosive armaments.
1 - Nah, those're for locking down civvies. This ship can take it.
2 - Evaluating... Correct, in all cases except for a direct hit.
1 - I'm better than that. Log the current course of action.
2 - Current course of action logged. Will attempt to escape gravity well through propulsion from remotely detonated enemy
warheads... Please re-confirm directive.
1 - Hell yeah.
2 - Preparing to mark explosive radii. Calibrating device ID "Hack&Det" Ascent sequence initiated. Goodbye, Pilot.
1 - Check this out.

[ALT]
Your name is Laurie McGonagahoog, of the Merciless Void of Outer Space Reconnaisance Brigade.
You've been abandoned.

You've been sent on a mission to scout out an enemy planet and report back its defences.
You ran out of fuel, behind enemy lines.

You sent a plea for supplies and a full report. Ground-to-space turrets, scanning stations, EMP projectors, the works.

The supplies never came.

[ALT]

That ship doesn't have enough fuel. It's not going to make escape velocity. Doesn't the pilot know?

Oh, they do.

--Improvised launch is ready--

I'm reading an unidentified device in the cabin. I'm sounding an alert.

Call that off. I know what that is.

--Calibrating redirection thrusters--
--Approaching orbital mine field--

I call that thing a hack and det. The pilot is going to use it to trigger the mines.

As for the fuel, that device is how we're going to make up the difference.